readme.md, before:

# Binarized Neural Network Metaplasticity

## Project

This repository will hold the code pertaining to Binarized Neural Network. Several papers will be implemented with several datasets available with a will to gather more information about BNN & metaplasticity within neural networks.

## Metaplasticity

The ability of the synapses to change their own plasticity. In other words, the ability of a synapse
to know how important it is the the overall neural network, and to be kept or discarded depending on this
importance. Refered in [1, 2]

## BOP (Binary Optimizer)

One way to train binarized neural network with momentum. Even if interesting from a computational point of view, seems limited for a metaplastic implementation.

## References

[1] Synaptic metaplasticity in binarized neural
networks, Axel Laborieux et al., https://www.nature.com/articles/s41467-021-22768-y.pdf

[2] Synaptic Metaplasticity in Binarized Neural Networks (GitHub Repository), Axel Laborieux, https://github.com/Laborieux-Axel/SynapticMetaplasticityBNN

[3] Koen Helwegen, James Widdicombe, Lukas Geiger, Zechun Liu, Kwang-Ting Cheng, and Roeland Nusselder.
Latent weights do not exist: Rethinking binarized neural network optimization.

Commit message:

feat: BayesBiNN & MESU (#6)
* feat: started working on bayesbinn

* fix: latent weights off

* feat: direct copy works, but not my version

* feat: trainer class to have more control

* feat: other implementation working

* fix: preventing from having grads

* fix: running, but not learning

* feat: bayesbinn implemented

* fix: continual learning

* feat: added dropout

* pb: j'ai tout cassé.

* fix: c'est réparé.

* fix: pour de vrai.

* fix: encore.

* feat: permuted mnist

* feat: scheduler + parameters for 1st experiment

* feat: added wandb

* feat: logging

* feat: num_workers

* refactor: bnn

* feat: added bayesian layer

* feat: MESU implementation

* fix: parenthesis

* feat: visualization changes

* chore: updated readme

* feat: setup for next step

readme.md, after:

# Binarized Neural Network Metaplasticity

## Project

This repository will hold the code pertaining to Binarized Neural Network. Several papers will be implemented with several datasets available with a will to gather more information about BNN & metaplasticity within neural networks.

The main purpose of this repository is to come up with a binary metaplastic algorithm relying on Bayesian learning.

## Glossary

### Metaplasticity

Term: The ability of the synapses to change their own plasticity. In other words, the ability of a synapse
to know how important it is the the overall neural network, and to be kept or discarded depending on this
importance. Refered in [1, 2]

### BOP (Binary Optimizer)

Optimizer: One way to train binarized neural network with momentum. Even if interesting from a computational point of view, seems limited for a metaplastic implementation.

### BiNN Bayes

Optimizer: One way to train binarized bayesian neural network using the Gumbel-softmax trick.  Refered in [4].

### MESU

Optimizer: Based on [5, 6], this approach aims to bridge the gap between bayesian learning and synaptic plasticity.

## References

[1] Synaptic metaplasticity in binarized neural
networks, Axel Laborieux et al., https://www.nature.com/articles/s41467-021-22768-y.pdf

[2] Synaptic Metaplasticity in Binarized Neural Networks (GitHub Repository), Axel Laborieux, https://github.com/Laborieux-Axel/SynapticMetaplasticityBNN

[3] Koen Helwegen, James Widdicombe, Lukas Geiger, Zechun Liu, Kwang-Ting Cheng, and Roeland Nusselder.
Latent weights do not exist: Rethinking binarized neural network optimization.

[4] Meng, Xiangming and Bachmann et al., Training Binary Neural Networks using the Bayesian Learning Rule

[5] Aitchison et al., Synaptic plasticity as Bayesian inference

[6] Blundell et al., Weight Uncertainty in Neural Networks
